let me but you got in here sixteen I
think it might be good to have a doctor
look at you sometime might be good to
have doctor with you sometime
ain't got no Burton cuz I was covered
you may have heard there was prison
break
it was Bonnie and Clyde governor this
has to end
they've committed dozens of armed
robberies and several cold-blooded
murders what do you plan to do about
Bonnie and Clyde we will capture them
write that down and underline it twice
there's only one man who can take them
down I'll come back hey you got a room
for one more night you're packed
ah Judas Priest get in this is 1934
gangsters submachine guns and you put
Cowboys on one in five Texas Rangers
forgive me Father for I have seen this
is a highly coordinated operation so
much pain and suffering roadblocks air
surveillance your time has passed cowboy
what the hell's the world coming to used
to be I'd have talent to get published
now all you got to do shoot people she
used her foot to turn him over so he
could see what was about to happen hi
sweetie
this has gone far enough I'm gonna take
them down what a fine idea
[Music]
who are you Phyllis I was were the bad
guys
come to the wrong place mister around
here Clyde is king
ride my be king but I'm a Texas Ranger
you little now it didn't see me
you
[Music]